1. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
2. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
3. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
4. Delhi's air has become toxic once again
5. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
6. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
7. US kills three in second strike on alleged drug boat in the Pacific
8. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
9. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
10. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
11. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
12. Blackouts hit Russia's Belgorod as Ukrainian drone attacks surge
13. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
14. No camera covered Louvre wall where jewel thieves broke in, director says
15. An ex-first lady, a tycoon and a 'safe pair of hands' vie for power in a cocoa superpower
16. More to explore
17. SpaceX says it has cut Starlink services to Myanmar scam camps
18. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
19. Agatha Christie meets Mr Men in new children's books
20. Why Beyond Meat shares surged over 1,000% in four days
21. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
22. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
23. What's at stake as Trump boat strikes strain US-Colombia alliance
24. Agatha Christie meets Mr Men in new children's books
25. Most watched
26. Pen pals from Canada and Singapore meet for the first time after 43 years
27. NYC mayoral candidates clash over Trump and political experience
28. Watch: Weather forecast as Storm Benjamin hits England and Wales
29. Watch: Mum helps evacuate 22 schoolchildren from bus as it catches fire
30. Sex, class, horses: The unique mix that made Jilly Cooper's books special
31. Also in news
32. TikTok creator and US marshal shot during LA immigration raid
33. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
34. Tesla profits slide despite record revenue
35. Two officers hurt and 23 arrested in second night of Dublin disorder
36. Singaporean women acquitted over pro-Palestinian walk
37. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
38. Temu agrees to remove rip-off greeting cards from its site more quickly
39. Maine Senate candidate apologises for tattoo that resembles Nazi symbol
40. Tesla profits slide despite record revenue
41. Most read
42. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
43. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
44. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
45. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
46. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
47. US kills three in second strike on alleged drug boat in the Pacific
48. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
49. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
50. Blackouts hit Russia's Belgorod as Ukrainian drone attacks surge
51. Why Beyond Meat shares surged over 1,000% in four days
52. Sport
53. A glimpse of the future? Liverpool 'near perfect' despite Isak injury
54. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
55. Wembanyama stars as Spurs dominate Mavericks
56. Champions League reaction: Chelsea and Liverpool both win 5-1; Spurs draw in Monaco
57. Women's Footballer of the Year contender Hampton
58. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
59. New Zealand-England to resume as 14-over match after rain delay
60. Wembanyama stars as Spurs dominate Mavericks
